- [Instructor] In order to truly be successful
in this course, there's a few thing things
that you need to know.
First and foremost is Java itself.
All of our development will be using
the Java programming language.
So, I need to expect that you have a basic understanding
of how Java works, the syntax,
and the program flow through in it.
Now, we're gonna be using Java 1.8 or greater,
and I highly recommend that you have
the latest versions of that JDK installed and on your PATH.
We're also gonna use Maven 3,
but only to handle dependencies.
So, you'll need to have Maven 3 installed
and also on your PATH.
I'm gonna be using IntelliJ, the Ultimate edition,
but you can use any IDE that you're comfortable with,
including VI, if you want to.
I expect you to have basic knowledge
of how to use your IDE of choice.
Again, noting that I am gonna be using
IntelliJ Ultimate edition.
Now, we're gonna use JUnit throughout this course
in order to test our cryptographic functions.
As such, I expect you to have
some very basic JUnit knowledge.
Now, we're gonna use JUnit 5 in this course,
however, in reality, you can use anything that you want,
including simple main methods,
to test these cryptographic functions.
And, that's really all you need to work in this course.